# v0.0.x
This page contains all updates before the initial release of Lorekeeper.

## [240220]
### Miscellaneous
- dA package was swapped out for another one - verification should work on hosts without HTTP2 now.

### Bug Fixes
- Masterlist page error.
- Prompt creation error.
- Viewing completed raffle error.
- Error while trying to delete a MYO slot.
- Missing recipient_id trying to grant currency to a character.
- 500 error in delete shop modal.
- Trying to use a nonexistent table when deleting an item.
- Error displaying ownership log to non-logged in users.
- Error trying to edit a page.
- Item category sorting not being reflected in inventory/shop stock.
- Leaving the owner fields blank while creating a character would credit it to the first user without an alias.

## [020320]
### Miscellaneous
- Removed time of registration from profiles (leaving only the date).
- Some query optimisation.

### Bug Fixes
- Error 500 in inventory when no item categories exist (and similar areas).
- Fixed display of character image credit links when a URL is entered.
- Fixed breadcrumb link for user admin panel.
- Made the logged in dashboard page links link to their respective pages.
- Fixed currency icon not displaying.
- Removed masterlist link from admin panel sidebar, since it didn't have a staff-only page.
- Fixed error on deleting character categories.
- Fixed masterlist search links in the encyclopedia.
- Fixed bug with viewing the blacklist.

## [090320]
### New Additions
- Create/edit/delete bookmarks.
- Bookmark page.
- Notifications for changes in bookmarked characters.
- Toggleable thumbnail hiding.

### Miscellaneous
- Timezone abbreviations and UTC difference in tooltips.
- Collapsible display of item description in shop stock description.
- News page should display news posts newest first now.

## [140320]
### New Additions
- Added option to transfer characters to an offsite user (for admin use only).

### Bug Fixes
- Entering a number in the character creation page for the character code is 1 keystroke off.
- TOS agreement not required to be checked.
- 500 error when clicking add image on character profile.
- Undefined variable $oldUser when deleting item from user.
- Error when trying to admin transfer a character owned by an offsite user to a registered user.
- displayName error when trying to change traits on an image without a trait category.
- Cannot see item addons when viewing a design update as staff.
- Could create characters without a rarity, causing character page to give a 500 error.
- Shops still display purchase section in modal when logged out.
- Profile page shows non-visible characters.
- If character creation fails, the page doesn't retain entered data (it now does for most of the form).

## [170320]
### New Additions
- README.md file was added on Github.

## [230320]
### New Additions
- Subtypes are creatable in the admin panel.
- They function as an additional, optional field for feature creation/editing, character (image) creation/editing, design updates.
- They don't impose any restriction on feature selection.
- However, if a subtype is selected in a dropdown (for assigning a subtype to a character for instance), the species for the same thing must match up to the species of the subtype.
- Species entries in the encyclopedia list any subtypes under them.
- Masterlist search now has a subtype field.

### Miscellaneous
- Added a MYO slots page to user profiles.
- Rarity cap on features selectable during design approval has been removed.
- Submitted prompt page (admin view) now shows number of times the user has submitted the prompt and had it approved before.
- Prompt queue shows name of submitter.
- Log pages, queue pages etc. now break long links.
- An image can now be uploaded for prompts, same as other encyclopedia entries.
- Tweaked the appearance of raffle pages very slightly.

### Bug Fixes
- MYO slot count not being updated when someone links their dA account and had MYO slots credited to their account.
- MYO slots were not selectable for trades.
- Missing validation checks for deleting some basic data in the admin panel.
- Redundant/non-working visibility toggle on character pages.

## [250320]
### Bug Fixes
- Broke the MYO slot masterlist.

## [270320]
### Bug Fixes
- Unable to create new traits.
